.\" MinFS - fuse driver for Object Storage (C) 2017 Minio, Inc.
.\" This file is part of MinFS.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"

.TH MinFS 8 "Fuse driver for Object Storage" "23 January 2017" "Minio, Inc."
.SH NAME
MinFS \- fuse driver for Object Storage
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B minfs
.I [flags] command [arguments...]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
MinFS is a fuse driver for Amazon S3 compatible object storage server.
Use it to store photos, videos, VMs, containers, log files, or any blob
of data as objects on your object storage server.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS "Miscellaneous Options"
.PP
.TP

\fB\-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help.
.TP
\fB\-V, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the minfs version.

.PP
.SH FILES
/etc/minfs/config.json
.SH EXAMPLES
mount a bucket named foo at server play.minio.io:9000 on mount point /mnt/foo

# minfs https://play.minio.io:9000/foo /mnt/foo

.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
\fBfusermount\fR(1), \fBmount.minfs\fR(8)
\fR
.fi
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright(c) 2017 Minio, Inc.  <https://www.minio.io>
\fR
.fi
