.\" mount.glusterfs - MinFS mount wrapper for Object Storage,
.\" (C) 2017 Minio, Inc.
.\" This file is part of MinFS.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"

.TH mount.minfs 8 "MinFS mount wrapper for Object Storage" "23 January 2017" "Minio, Inc."
.SH NAME
MinFS \- fuse driver for Object Storage
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mount -t minfs -o<options> <endpoint>/<bucket> <mountpoint>
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool is part of \fBminfs\fR(8) package, which is used to mount using
MinFS native binary.

\fBmount.minfs\fR is meant to be used by the mount(8) command for mounting
native MinFS client. This subcommand, however, can also be used as a
standalone command with limited functionality.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS "Miscellaneous Options"
.PP
.TP

\fB\-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help.
.TP
\fB\-V, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the minfs version.

.PP
.TP
.I /etc/fstab
A typical MinFS entry in /etc/fstab looks like below

\fBhttp://server1/bucket  /mnt/bucket  minfs defaults   0  0\fR

.TP
.I /proc/mounts
An example entry of a MinFS mountpoint in /proc/mounts looks like below

\fBMinFS /mnt/ramdisk fuse.MinFS rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=0,group_id=0 0 0\fR

.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
\fBfusermount\fR(1), \fBmount.minfs\fR(8)
\fR
.fi
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright(c) 2017 Minio, Inc.  <https://www.minio.io>
\fR
.fi
